lib.systems: do not confuse isStatic with hasSharedLibraries (#324058)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/stdenv/meta.chapter.md

In general it is preferable to set `meta.platforms = lib.platforms.all` and then exclude any platforms on which the package is known not to build.
For example, a package which requires dynamic linking and cannot be linked statically could use this:

```nix
{
  meta.platforms = lib.platforms.all;
  meta.badPlatforms = [{ hasSharedLibraries = false; }];
}
```

or

```nix
{
  meta.platforms = lib.platforms.all;
  meta.badPlatforms = [ lib.systems.inspect.platformPatterns.isStatic ];
}
```

In the examples above, `lib.systems.inspect.platformPatterns.isStatic` is an alias for `{ isStatic = true; }` platform pattern. The difference between `isStatic` and `hasSharedLibraries` is that:

* isStatic: packages should be statically linked against the dependencies when

>   possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  possible. Dynamic linking may or may not be available.
```

* hasSharedLibraries: the platform supports dynamic linking. For example, if set
  to `false`, things like dlopen do not work. If the package *requires* dynamic

>   linking (e.g. loads plugins), it should be considered unavailable on such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  linking (e.g. must load plugins dynamically), it should be considered unavailable on such
```

I don't want to spend too many words on this, but we can hint a bit:

must: plugins may be optional.
dynamically: maybe the plugins can be linked statically; always plugged in. Linux allows this for its modules.
